---
layout: post
title:  "blog 136"
date:   2022-04-28 12:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

Seeing an old friend,

When you see an old friend after a long time of disconnect, what do you talk about? Your friend can be an unbelievably different person now. What do you start the talk with? Do you assume that you are still talking to the friend you knew long time ago? Or do you talk as if they are a new person that can surprise you any moment?

I can't talk for everybody, and I don't have any clue about what you "should" do in this situation. But I'm going to talk about what I will do in these situations.

First, I don't assume anything; nothing! I will let them talk and lead the conversation about how their life has gone through the years. If something catch me by surprise, I might show it, but not to an extent that makes them sad (especially if it seems like an important topic). If we keep in touch, further down the line, I might ask about topics that I might still be curious about, but I won't do it in the first conversation, unless they explicitly mention it or I know for a fact that I can talk about it.

In short, I act as if I'm talking to a potential 'new' friend, not an old friend; except that I already feel safe around them because of the time we spend together in the past. But I don't assume they are the same; because they might not be :) And I'm not doing this for me; it would be much easier for me to treat them as if nothing has changed. But I don't want to talk about things that might make them uncomfortable. I might do it when the time is right, and I know that they still view me as their friend, and it's not only me :)
