---
layout: post
title:  "blog 115"
date:   2022-04-07 12:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

We don't live in the same world,

As much as I would like to believe, I have to admit this: "life is not full of opportunities for everyone". But I want to talk about something even deeper: Those who have the power to change it are not even trying.

As someone who has lived in a third-world country my whole life, I've always been an optimistic person. But lately, I've had no choice to come to terms with some facts:
People in power do not believe in equality whatsoever! You might be aware of the current war in Ukraine. You might have heard some news broadcasts where they talk about how "this is not a third world country", that "these people don't deserve to be in this situation", etc. When I hear arguments like this, all I understand is that people who live in these 'third-world' countries deserve to be in this situation. That's some beautiful equality for you :)

In my experience, people only talk about equality when it would benefit them, not because they genuinely care. Of course, I can't say that this is everyone, but it's so many more people than I would like to admit.

But hell, me talking here is not going to change everything. All I can do is try remembering this pain. And if, somehow, I end up being one of those few people that do have power, try not to repeat this tragedy for the next generations.

Overall, this blog is a reminder that we people don't live in the same world. Just because you have the power to change your life however you want doesn't mean that it works the same for everybody.
