---
layout: post
title:  "blog 145"
date:   2022-05-07 12:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

Playing games,

I look at life as if it's a game! One thing that I like about this game is that each thing you want to accomplish in life is a game in and of itself: you should plan, prepare, and act according to what you want to achieve. Your starting point might be something unique to you, where you don't even see any other player near you at the beginning. That, to some degree, is the beauty of it! A lot of us get mad that we don't start at the same starting line like everybody else, especially if they start far ahead of us by some metric. But I think that's a pointless argument, mostly because our starting point is not going to change by these arguments. We might be able to change them for the next generations to come but that is another game that shouldn't be confused with our 'own' game of life. I find the question "What game am I playing right now?" an effective one whenever I'm confused about what I'm doing, and why I'm doing it, at the moment.

The last thing, I would say, is that there are games that should be avoided at all costs! From what I know, there are games in the lane of "Being a victim". Honestly, I don't think anyone should play that game! But it pierces my heart when I see how many people are so absorbed in such games. Such games allow us, humans, to avoid playing the games that are worth playing while having a valid excuse: "Can't you how big of a victim I am? How do you expect me to play the game X, or Y, while I'm so busy being a victim?". I don't blame these people; they are right! And they are even winning a game, the game of being a victim! However, I'm a believer that even if you are a victim in the literal sense, it's your own decision to be a victim that makes you one.

So, if you are someone who is reading this, and might consider yourself a victim in life, first understand that even though you might be a victim, attaching your whole life and identity to it is not going to do you any good. So, get some help first. It might be therapy, asking family and friends for help, or whatever that allows you to cope in a more healthy way. Getting out of this victim mentality is a game in and of itself, and you can win it :) After that, you no longer have an excuse for not playing other games! It might be scary at first, having no excuse to get out of this! But after a while, the fear turns into an abundance of options, full of games that you can play, and be good at :)
