---
layout: post
title:  "blog 159"
date:   2022-05-21 12:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

Delivery,

There are tons of times when I promise to myself that I'm going to do something (I think we all do that, but I'm going to talk about myself here). These are more often in the form of committing to something: I'm going to stick to rule X from now on, or something like that. After a while, here comes the challenge: You are doing something, and you remember about the way you are supposed to it this time. Sticking to the promise will probably be harder, but you will feel good that you did it. Not sticking to the promise means that you can feel at ease, knowing that you are sticking to your old habit of how you do whatever this thing is, but you will feel bad about it after a while, because you didn't do what you were supposed to do.

But here is the thing: I'm not the kind of person to judge myself. I'm not going to conclude that the first action is 'good', and the second one is 'bad'. What I'm going to say, instead, is that when you don't stick to your promises, you will never know what you are capable of (at least in the long term). You will always do what seems the best on the short term, and will never look at the big picture and move according to that. You will literally be a slave to your old habits, instead of trying to form new habits by doing what you said you will do.

I don't believe that you should make big promises. But I believe that 'big' and 'small' is relative to each person. Your small might be someone else's big, and vice versa. Just try do deliver on some small promise each time. You will be shocked after a while that your 'small' is getting bigger and bigger, to a point that you can only feel proud of yourself.
