---
layout: post
title:  "blog 119"
date:   2022-04-11 12:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

But what do you do when you reach there?

In the society that I was raised in (and I suppose it's more or less the same in other places), it's common to dream of someday where everything is suddenly great and you enjoy your life. This is not saying that right now is terrible, but that we are hoping for a more satisfying life. There is nothing wrong with dreaming, but I think there are so many things wrong with this method. The most important thing is that it doesn't have any resemblance to reality, and doesn't even give you clues on how to eventually reach it one day. Knowing that you want to be 'happy' one day is not going to make you happy as you grow older; you might even get sadder as you see that it's not going to happen. One way of dreaming that I think is far more beneficial is to think of what you like to do during each day, that might as well enable you to be happy (or whatever else you want to achieve). Sometimes, you might realize that the habits that you should have been in direct contradiction with the things that you want to achieve: For example, you can't work 15 hours a day and still spend a lot of time with your family! So, the first thing this approach does is to make you have realistic goals and reach for habits that are not in contradiction with your goals. The second thing is about the 'habits' themselves: When you know what habits you want to have later on in your life, you can slowly start to build them from now, and you can see yourself getting closer to them. Over time, you might realize that you need to switch some habits, and might need to change things. But you're always going to step forward, instead of just daydreaming about where you want to be in the future :)
