---
layout: post
title:  "blog 137"
date:   2022-04-29 12:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

Expectations,

It's interesting for me to think about what we expect from other people. Usually, the way it goes is that the more we do for someone, the more we expect from them. It's completely understandable to think that way. It's like you are investing in something, and the more you invest, the more you hope to receive back.

But here is the thing: People are not an investment for me :) At least, not the way that I described it above.

Here is the thing: I don't want anybody to repay me or something, just because I did a favor (or many, in fact) for them. I don't do favors expecting a return somewhere in the future. Here is how I approach it: I do things for people when I think it might be helpful to them, not just for the gesture of it. What I think might be an investment, and I honestly don't care if it's not, is that out of every 100 hundred people that I might have been useful to, one of them might happen to be beyond useful to me in the future. But I'm not going to pick who it is :) And I don't like to force things. I want people to help me if they actually want to, not because they feel obligated.

Of course, there might be times in our lives when we desperately need help. In that case, I will look for help, but I don't expect a certain group of people to help me more. I might even ask them, but not because I expect them to help, because they might happen to be the one person who is going to help :)
