---
layout: post
title:  "blog 180"
date:   2022-07-22 10:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---


Holding your breath,

Certain games in life are not sustainable: you can't play them forever. I used to be the kind of guy who thinks "Well, if you can't play a game forever, why should you even start playing it?". But right now, I think I was wrong, and here is why:

If you think logically about it, there is nothing we can do 'forever': We are going to die at some point!
Having that in mind, should we really play no game at all? Isn't life just a bunch of games, scrapper together? At least that's what I think of life! So, why don't we just play, and aim to win? And the hell with it if we don't win; there's always the next round, as long as it's not over! And the fun part is that we don't know when it's over until it's over :)

Now, coming one level lower, we come to my original statement about sustainable games: there are things that are not sustainable, but are worth doing, while we can still do them! Consider a young person who dreams of living in New York who doesn't have any money: They have a much higher chance of actually realizing their dream when they are younger and have little to no responsibilities. The older they get, the more they have to lose, and the harder it is to let go of the things that they have already achieved in their life. So, the longer they can hold their breath, in the sense of not doing what is expected of them in their twenties and thirties, the higher their chance of actually realizing their dreams :)
The metaphor comes from GaryVee. I believe he meant that when you hold your breath, you can't enjoy a lot of the simple things that life has to offer, but in return, you can have a lot of the things that life usually doesn't offer to a lot of people. It comes with a risk of course: because you might never get the chance to live that dream life of yours, so I'm not saying that you should absolutely do it :) It's just a fact that you would probably not get it if you live like everybody else :))
