---
layout: post
title:  "blog 151"
date:   2022-05-13 12:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

2 years ago,

It was about two years ago that the whole pandemic thing started. I remember talking to some friends at the time, and all of them were thinking that this would last for only a couple of months. For me, on the other hand, it was pretty much clear that it was going to last for a lot longer than that. It's not that I was predicting the future, rather just trying to see the reality instead of trying to feed myself with good news just to feel better. For a while, I felt horrible. I moved from the capital of the country to my hometown, where I had nothing to do. After a while, I had no choice but to accept the reality: I started thinking about what I wanted to do with my life while the pandemic lasts. At the time, I didn't think that it would make much of a difference, but I started doing some minor things that I've been wanting to do for a while but was procrastinating on. And to be honest, I never thought that I was successfully executing my plan during these two years! But now that I'm looking back, I'm proud of myself! I can't pinpoint any specific achievement that makes me say "Wow, that was great". But seeing that I did dozens of small things and improved several areas of my life incrementally, makes me go "Wow". And I think this is a powerful approach that I'm going to take even now. Doing small things, and putting them one after another like pieces of dominoes, where each piece gets only a little bit bigger than the previous one, is so powerful and yet so underrated.
