---
layout: post
title:  "blog 142"
date:   2022-05-04 12:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

Timelines,

Let's say you decide to do something, a task per se. As a result, you devote a time block where you are only going to work on that task. Unfortunately, nothing goes according to plan and you find yourself where only 10 percent of the total time is remaining, and you have no idea how to finish the task! There are two things you can do here: Give up and do something else with your time, or devote the remaining time to the task as originally planned. What are you going to do?

I don't think any of the two actions is always correct. There are situations where it's better to give up, but also situations where you should keep going. The thing is, you would never know what the correct decision was. You might choose to give up on the task, but somehow in an alternative universe, you didn't give up on it and managed to come up with a prolific solution. You might choose to continue working on it, and even manage to finish it, but again, in an alternative universe, it was better to do something else.

But here is something we can say: The more short-term the project is, the more you should lean towards sticking with it till the end! Especially if it's something personal and is not going to cost you loads of money or put you at a disadvantage. The reason for this is that you probably are not going to do something super useful in that short time period anyway, so why not try to stick with the plan and at least be accountable for what you said you would do? It's kind of like being disciplined: You said you want to do something, and it turns out to be much harder than you thought! But hell, it's not going to kill you anyway, so why not struggle till the end?!
