---
layout: post
title:  "blog 184"
date:   2022-07-26 10:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

Let the threads unravel,

Today was weird in a sense :) There were a lot of pieces that came together; so fast that it was hard for me to comprehend. "What pieces?", you might ask. Well, I'm talking about the answers some hypothesises that I have formed over the last couple of weeks (maybe months). And the weird part is that I wasn't even trying to connect the pieces! I just met a couple of people, and they all said different things that were so similar, when looked from another angle. And at the end of the day, I was shocked to see how similar these conversations were. And, to be clear, I don't think it was by chance! I think I did something, without knowing it at that moment, that caused these people to react similarly. And that's so weird, because 'the thing that I did was so subtle that even I didn't notice it till the end of the day :)

So, why am I writing this vague blog, without telling you what I did to cause these similarities in my conversations? I wanted to talk about the bigger picture: subtle things matter! Especially when they are combined. You can create things on the scale of miracles when you deliberately choose the subtle things that you do. And please, choose wisely! Because even though these things are subtle, doing them correctly takes tremendous energy, and you'll have to choose between the infinite amount of little things that you can do in your day-to-day life :)
