---
layout: post
title:  "blog 98"
date:   2022-03-22 00:52:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

Does life ever get easy?

I think it depends on your definition of easy and your approach to life.

Here is one perspective: If you want to have a relaxing life and you make that kind of life your goal, you might have it one day. Now, I'm not exactly sure how you are going to achieve that, or even if the road itself would be easy or not, I'm just saying that if your goals for life do not contradict having an easy life, you might be able to reach it someday. But again, I've heard so many times that it's not even good to want such a life, for so many reasons, but that's not my job to decide for you; you decide for yourself.

Here is another perspective: If you want to have an ambitious kind of life, it almost seems unlikely to be easy. If you want to tackle new challenges frequently, it's not going to be easy, or else you need new challenges.

There is one common thing about the two perspectives: In both cases, you can be miserable or have peace. That's more related to the state of mind, but at the end of the day, that's all that matters.

In conclusion, I think life might be easy, but even in that case, you'll be surprised how little control you have over it. You might wake up one day and see your 'easy life' has turned into chaos without you doing anything. The thing that you probably can control much better is whether you are going to have a miserable life or a peaceful one. And I think having a peaceful life is something we can all strive for.
