---
layout: post
title:  "blog 171"
date:   2022-07-13 12:00:00 +0430
categories: blog
---

Beautiful People,

As my last blog, I want to emphasize the same thing on people :))
If I get the sense from someone, that they are not living a beautiful life, what I'm going to do is first discussing it with them (giving that they are my friend, and I can do so). If I realize that I'm wrong, I try to learn from my mistake and not repeat it the next time! However, if I realize that they are, indeed, not living a beautiful life, they are not going to be my friend from that point on! You might think that's an extreme statement! Feel free to do so :) At some point in my life, I realized that there are billions of people in the world, and if I get consumed by the unbeautiful life of others around me, I can never live a beautiful life :) So, what other thing can I do other than removing those people who are not living a beautiful life from my inner circle?

Let me be clear: Such actions are not easy. Sometimes, I might even cry just thinking about letting someone go! But shit has to get done!

Also, some of you might ask: "What does it mean to life a beautiful life. And who are you to judge upon it?"
The answer: I don't know! I'm not a GOD who decided what is beautiful and what is not. I follow my instincts, and I will play based on that! I might call something beautiful, when it's not, and vice versa! But I'm not going to regret it! What I will regret, is not playing by my own rules and playing by other's rules, which I'm not going to do anymore! As GaryVee says: "If you are going to die, at least die on your own sword"

Lastly, **Who am I to decide what is beautiful and what is not?**
**I'm a nobody!** But that doesn't mean I can't dictate my own life! If I don't do it, someone else will! And I'm not going to allow that :)
